tells crowd technical br
I'm going to make a video for you today.
explaining how to use your device
iphone ipod android and ipad for
control your computer or your mac is
very simple
The first step is to access this nor
that I will be in to subscribe a website
Sunday last eleven points net and here
you can not see which devices
you will be able to control by which
devices for this keyboard function
and mouse that has a mac and windows
iphone ipad ipod and android in my case
counted decision of the mech
I'm going to download this app and how do I go?
control by iphone
the bassaki these two applications are
free
so the option to worry about arranging
money to download them their version of
more free trials
this application you install here
the history of your mac and and if you go
put on the iphone
then you put both apps
the first on the second major mech
you see in it what will appear
here in the lounge asks an application that
installed
You click on it to activate it there.
will appear on top that is active
I will now show you consented
application by your device you see
in it and open and you can see you have to
make sure you are connected to the same
network
both the computer and your
device
ip you can keep it here for you
sharing on facebook is like
page of them share per month count
with your friends, right?
this app is for you to play
the paper
while Grandpa is here for you to have
some tp settings on a mouse
keyboard gives us nonetheless the functions
demonstrative engines right
the stadium is ready for you to use
use game getting the start has
to know how to connect to the wifi network
be close in continue
ready I'm already at the app station
to let by any session by
This little button here and here is
working
soooou the track pad like it was from here
ask this is the first one then this is
What changed right?
Now I'm going to test you for a keyboard.
also on the spine
for the executives and keyboard you see
close to raise interest before
functions
there you ingest
What was missing, I 'm carrying my
page
when I showed some other functions
It's cool, this one is for you.
control itunes but it only
available in full version
So I'll show you one.
year this one but if the programs are
currently open
for example I will minimize that the
safado not warned that he wanted
hospitalize full of so I'll leave
active coat
the torrent
So you 're good, what a month here.
or this one did not contemplate this here is
the numeric keypad
if you press again is keyboard
text - while a speculative campus
And that's it, guys, they've been there.
problem until one more thing that does not
via a computer
the dream of ending the computer connected to
family of bernardo pia or off and only
debut if you liked it hard review
leave a jewel in the video sign up for the
Our channel and that's it, thanks.